Hello friends, I am Deepankar. Today in this video I will
talk about how much a Unit Sales Manager earns at IIC Lord. That is,
if you join IIC Lombard as a Unit Sales
Manager, how much
salary and incentives do you get? What qualifications are required to join ICICI
Lombard as a Unit Sales Manager?
If you join ICICI Lombard General Insurance Company,
what work do you have to do? What are the duty
responsibilities?
What kind of challenges are there in it?
What will be the growth in the future? We will discuss all these things in this video.
But before starting the video, I would
like to tell you friends that I
basically create finance related content at Deepankar
and also upload videos of new vacancies. So,
if you have come to my channel for the first time and
want to start your career in finance, then please like,
subscribe, comment and share my channel
so that after this,
you get notification of every video I upload.
If you want to join IIC Lord as a Unit
Sales Manager, then
your minimum qualification should be
Graduate and  You should have two to three years of
sales experience in any finance company or
private bank. If you have sales
experience, you will be given more preference.
How can you join ICICI Lombard?
You can see the website of ICICI Lombard,
you can apply by going there. Many
times,
job vacancies come and if any of your
friends works in ICICI Lombard, then
you
can also join ICICI Lombard by taking their reference.
Now let's talk about salary, after that we will discuss
duty responsibility and then we will
discuss what is the challenge in this job.
So today, if you join
ICICI Lombard as a Unit Sales
Manager in 2025, then your starting
salary starts from Rs. 1 lakh to a
minimum of Rs. 45 lakh. If
you are experienced, you will get even more. The
salary decided on the basis of experience
depends on the last date of withdrawal. Suppose you are a  If you
work in a company where your last salary
was 4 lakhs, then if you
give an interview in IIC LD and get selected, then
from there you are given a hike of 20 or 30 lakhs and made to join
because you already have
experience. Otherwise, if you are a fresher and have
less experience of 6 months to 1 year, then
you will be given a package ranging from 6 lakhs to 45 lakhs.
Exactly, the package is decided by the HR after your
interview based on your abilities.
Now coming to
duty responsibilities, one more thing I
would like to tell you is that this Unit Sales Manager is
also called Sales Manager in some companies
and
after watching this video you will get complete knowledge about the work that has to be done in a general insurance company.
So first of all I
would like to tell you that as a Unit Sales Manager, your main
responsibility is to do agency sales
or add agents. The
company gives you a business target every month
and you will have to achieve this target
through the agent.
For example, tell me.  I would like to say that the company gives you a
target of 10 lakhs. See, IIC
basically does health insurance, after that general
insurance, that is, your vehicle insurance,
home insurance, all these insurances. So, suppose
you join health insurance,
then
if the company gives you a target of 10 lakhs, this target will have to be achieved
through your agent
and your primary
responsibility is to add new agents
and sell insurance through those agents.
You
cannot sell insurance yourself, you have to
sell through agents. So,
what is the process of adding agents? To
join as an agent, you need at least 12
qualifications, 12 passes, after that
you have to collect their documentation,
complete the documents and after completing it, there is
an IRDAI exam.
In India, suppose any person
wants to sell insurance of any company, then
I cannot sell insurance directly.
If I want to sell insurance of IIC Lord,
then I will have to
contact the IRDAI office first.
After that, I will have to contact the agency manager there
and the agency manager will have to
contact the unit sales manager. The
unit sales manager will have to
submit my documentation. Then there is
an exam of RDI, there is
a fee for that exam and see, any
exam of IRDA, these
insurance related exam questions come,
so to qualify this exam
you have to take training, so you have to
pay money for the training, the agent
takes training by paying money,
after taking the training, there is another exam,
after qualifying the exam, the
agent gets a certificate, then he is
eligible to sell insurance,
so basically you have to add the agent
and get the documentation from the agent
processed, then they have to be provided training, there is a
separate manager for training,
after completing the training, there is another exam and when the training manager qualifies this exam, then
he will get a certificate
and after getting that certificate, then the
agent can sell your insurance, so
basically suppose if from the company's side,
your  The target is 10 lakhs.
Suppose you have 20 agents, then if each
agent
sells insurance at 50,000, then your
target of 10 lakhs will be achieved. But if
you have less agents, then you will have to
add more agents. The agent does
not get any fixed salary. The agent
gets commission or incentive.
This incentive of the agent depends on
his achievement. Basically, the
agent gets
commission or incentive from 15 to up to 35. And
then after achieving more, many times the
agent also gets a tour from the company,
sometimes he gets national tip, sometimes he gets
international tip. Basically, the
company launches a scheme every quarter
and those who qualify in the scheme
get a trip along with commission. So, what is the biggest challenge?
Look, I would like to tell you that
if you join ASSOCIated, then the growth is
very good.  What I forgot to tell you is
your salary of 2 lakh to 45 lakh and
experience and people get more salary and I
would like to tell you one thing that in an insurance company
you can generate a massive incentive, the
incentives are very good,
if you work in any insurance company
you can earn a good incentive,
normally if you join any insurance company as a
unit sales manager
and if you are able to work well then
earning 4000 rupees a month is not a big deal
and if you do good work then
you can earn even more money but what I was
telling you is the challenge, see basically
what is the challenge is that when you
go to join as an agent, the company asks you to join more retired people
because retired people do not have much
work, so they will be able to
sell your product but if you
sell insurance to the young generation also, that is
ID, then your
productivity will not be much because
this is not a fixed job,
due to not being a fixed job the young generation commission
basic work  I don't show that much interest.
This is the first challenge. The second challenge
is that your target depends
on an employee who does
n't have a fixed salary. So, whenever you make someone an agent
ID or an agent, you
can request them to sell the product
but you cannot force them
because they are not your salaried
employees. But one thing I
would like to tell you is that this is a challenge here but it is
not that people are not able to do it. There are
many people who have been working in ICICI Lombard for
5 years and there are many
people who have
worked as agency managers in insurance companies for 8-10 years. So,
whenever you join any new
industry or a new job,
you face a lot of challenges. But
if you have good intentions and
good abilities, then
you can manage everything comfortably. And if
you perform well, then
after becoming a unit sales manager, you become a branch manager, zonal
sales manager. If you
become a branch manager in any company, then  You
get a package of at least 788 lakhs.
After that, if you become a Zonal Sales Manager
in any insurance company, you
get a package of at least 13 to 15 lakhs. So the
income is very good. The industry
is growing a lot because nowadays the
cost of medical has increased a lot
and vehicle insurance is mandatory. So,
due to the increase in the cost of medical, people are
focusing a lot on insurance or health insurance. So, the
product will automatically sell to you. There will be some
problem initially, but
if you work properly and are able to give the right time,
then your work will be done. So
basically, your job is to
add new agents, sell insurance through agents
and motivate your own team.
And many times, you have to
announce some gift from your side to the agent's agent to make sales
so that your sales increase
because only if your agent makes sales,
your target will be completed. Rest, today's
video ends here.
For similar information, please like,
subscribe and comment on the channel.  Please share it and
I would like to tell you one thing, in whatever
video I make after this, I will tell you how much
income an agent gets and how much an agent can
earn in a month, thank you.